feat(xo-server-backup-reports): include info (#7815)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- [i18n] Improve Russian translation (Thanks [@TristisOris](https://github.com/TristisOris)!) (PR [#7807](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7807))
- [REST API] Expose XO6 dashboard informations at the `/rest/v0/dashboard` endpoint (PR [#7823](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7823))
- [VM/Advanced] Possibility to manually [_Coalesce Leaf_](https://docs.xenserver.com/en-us/xenserver/8/storage/manage.html#reclaim-space-by-using-the-offline-coalesce-tool) [#7757](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/7757) (PR [#7810](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7810))

> - [Plugin/backup-reports] Show in email reports when NBD is used for backups (PR [#7815](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7815))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Plugin/backup-reports] Show more informations of backups, including NBD and CBT usage(PR [#7815](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7815))
```

> - [Plugin/backup-reports] Show more informations of backups, including NBD and CBT usage(PR [#7815](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7815))

Author: ```suggestion
- [Plugin/backup-reports] Show more informations of backups, including NBD and CBT usage (PR [#7815](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7815))
```
